# 2022.08.00 - In Development

## Bugs

- Fix for [reflex-api#229](https://github.com/reflexsoar/reflex-api/issues/229) - When a Case Template had no tasks the UI would not display any Case Templates on the Case Templates Management page 
- Fix fir [reflex-api#255](https://github.com/reflexsoar/reflex-api/issues/255) - When no CA cert is supplied the agent would still populate the ca_file property causing Elastic to think HTTPS was expected.
- When dismissing an event the dismissed_by fields were not being populated

## Features

- Reflex now supports native detection rules.  See the [Detections](../../detections/) page for more details.
- Reflex now provides an up to date MITRE ATT&CK matrix so users can see how their Detection rules align to MITRE without leaving the platform or having to export data
- Reflex now allows for notifications to specified channels.  See the [Notifications](../../notifications/) page for more details.
- Reflex now allows Security Teams to place a priority order on Event Rules which determines the order in which Event Rules are run, allowing for chaining Event Rules in new ways
- Reflex now allows for dedicated Event Processor Workers for each tenant.  See the [Event Processing](../../events/processing/) page for more details.
- Reflex Event Rules can now automatically create new Cases for each matched event and apply a case template.  See the [Event Rules](../../event-rules/) section for more details.
- Security Teams can now comment directly on individual Events to have a dialogue without merging the Event in to a case
- A new Tuning Advice field is available when dismissing an Event to provide feedback during reporting to detection engineers on how they can fix their detections
- The `InCIDR` RQL operator can now be paired with the `Intel` function to see if an Event fields value is on an intel list of CIDR addresses.  Example `observable.value InCIDR intel("Microsoft IPS")`
- Intel Lists can now change the `IOC`, `Safe` and `Spotted` flags on observables that match a value on the list during Event ingest

## Enhancements

- Changes to UI components to be in align with WCAG 2.1
- Event Bulk Ingest now uses a pool of Memcached clients instead of spawning a new client per bulk ingest request.  This is a performance enhancement and a bug fix, the previous method was exhausting available TCP ports.
- Added documentation for Organizations
- Added documentation for Detections
- Agent List now shows Agent Healthy and lists any issues with the agent
- Event Rule List has had columns reworked to reduce screen space, now also shows who created and modified a rule
- Added the ability to control JWT expiration in tenant global settings
- When selecting a close reason for Event dismissal, the Dismiss Comment will automatically fill with the Close Reason description
- New default close reasons and changes to descriptions
- When new default Reflex values are added in the future they will populate across all organizations (e.g. new Close/Dismiss Reasons)
- The API will now wait for a Case to finish creating before redirecting users to the Case page.  Fixes an issue with a Case paged serving a 404.
- Allow `InCIDR` to accept an array of CIDR ranges not only a single string
- Dismiss information now shows up in the Event Drawer of a dismissed Event
- Changes to the Dashboard page, replaced Charts.js for ApexCharts and tabs now separate distinct charting topics
- Enhancement from [reflex-api#257](https://github.com/reflexsoar/reflex-api/issues/257) - Users can now search on the Case List page by the case title, description, comments and observables on the case